Adds forwarding `x-forwarded-for` header in fetch (#328)
moovweb/react-storefront: README.md

## Changelog

### 6.65.2

> - Adds forwarding `x-forwarded-for` header in fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fetch` calls made in handler functions now forward the `x-forwarded-for` request header automatically.
```
